Open Settings, and look at the left rail.
p02
Four pages control who gets into Wash Central and what they can do once they're in.
p03
Three of them sit together under Users and Security.
p04
The fourth is filed somewhere you wouldn't guess, and we'll go find it.
p05
Open System Users.
p06
This is the master list of everyone with an account.
p07
Eight columns, and four carry the support work:
p08
is the account active, does it use single sign-on,
p09
when did it last sign in, and what role does it hold.
p10
Email and phone are there to reach the person, not to fix the ticket.
p11
Read those four in order.
p12
Active tells you the account is switched on.
p13
S-S-O tells you the password lives with the identity provider, not here.
p14
Last Login tells you when they last got in,
p15
and a blank there means the account has never been used.
p16
User Level is the thread you pull into the next two pages.
p17
You won't scroll this list.
p18
Search by name, code, or email instead.
p19
On the July eighth verified pass the tenant carried more than eight thousand accounts,
p20
integration logins and the Micrologic support account included.
p21
The search box earns its keep here.
p22
Now the page that hides.
p23
User Levels controls how long a session lasts, so you'd expect it under Users and Security.
p24
It isn't.
p25
It's filed under Automation, a few groups down the rail.
p26
Open it there, and remember the spot, because every surprise-logout ticket ends here.
p27
Three columns here.
p28
A name, a security level number, and a session timeout in minutes.
p29
Hold onto that number, it drives refunds on the next page.
p30
The minutes are the answer for anyone who keeps getting kicked out.
p31
Read the timeout column.
p32
On the July eighth verified pass, cashiers get five minutes.
p33
So do Managers, Senior Managers, and the entry-level roles.
p34
Customer Service and the back-office levels get two full hours.
p35
So a cashier dropping out mid-shift isn't a bug,
p36
it's the level doing exactly what it was set to do.
p37
Back under Users and Security, open Security Level.
p38
The link says Security Level, the page says Security Levels, same destination.
p39
Three columns: a name, a level number,
p40
and the one support cares about, Refund Approval Required.
p41
Here's the gate.
p42
On the verified pass, levels zero, three, and five needed approval before a refund could go through.
p43
Eight and above did not.
p44
The rule underneath is plain: level five or below asks permission, eight or over just refunds.
p45
One column settles most of these disputes.
p46
Now tie the pages together.
p47
A person's role sets their user level.
p48
Their user level carries a security number.
p49
That security number decides whether they can approve a refund.
p50
So a manager who can't refund isn't being blocked at random,
p51
their level maps to a security number that requires sign-off.
p52
Trace it in that order every time.
p53
Last page.
p54
Open Blacklisted.
p55
These are plates the system refuses at the wash.
p56
Four columns: the plate itself, the terminal where the block was set, who added it, and when.
p57
This page answers one specific call.
p58
When a customer swears their plate won't scan, look here before anything else.
p59
If the plate's on the list, you can see who blocked it and when,
p60
which turns a mystery into a two-minute answer.
p61
One rule covers all four pages.
p62
Each has a New Record button, and an admin can edit every list.
p63
You only read them.
p64
Passwords, levels, and blocks are changed by an administrator in production,
p65
never from a support seat.
p66
And when the account uses single sign-on, a password reset here does nothing;
p67
that fix lives with the identity provider.
p68
So, four pages, four questions.
p69
Can they sign in: System Users.
p70
Why do they keep dropping: User Levels.
p71
Why can't they refund: Security Levels.
p72
Why won't the plate scan: Blacklisted.
p73
Learn where each one lives, and half your access tickets start answering themselves.